Further copyediting on the code-owners doc (#5998)
department-of-veterans-affairs/va.gov-team: platform/engineering/codeowners.md

After creating your GitHub team, follow the conventions in the [`CODEOWNERS` configuration file](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/master/.github/CODEOWNERS) to assign your team to an application folder. You should understand the following when making changes to the code owners configuration: 

- The **last matching rule** that matches all files in a change **takes precedence**.
- Application code should be structured to **require as few rules as possible**. 
- Only one required reviewer at a time can be triggered by code owners rules.
- Code owners rules are applied to every push after a PR is created. Required reviewers can be removed during this process but **GitHub does not remove the frontend review group once it has been added to a PR** as a required reviewer. 

> - The `frontend-review-group` approves changes to the `CODEOWNERS` configuration. GitHub teams will be added to the `vets-website` repository during this review since this is required for code owners rules to trigger. 

Author: > GitHub teams will be added to the `vets-website` repository

Can we clarify by whom? The VFS team? `frontend-review-group`?

Author: @rianfowler

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `frontend-review-group` approves changes to the `CODEOWNERS` configuration. The `frontend-review-group` will add new GitHub teams to the `vets-website` repository during this review since this is required for code owners rules to trigger. 
```
